 We know humans learn from their past experiences and machines follow instructions given by humans. If humans, can train the machines to learn from the past data and do what humans can do and much faster? Well, that's called machine learning, but it's a lot more than just learning. So today we will learn about the basics of machine learning, so that's paul. We see that paul likes the song with fast tempo and soaring intensity, while he dislikes the song with relaxed tempo and light intensity. Let'S say paul listens to a new song, let's name it as song: a song a has fast tempo and a soaring intensity. Looking at the data, can you guess whether paul will like the song or not correct, so paul likes this song by looking at paul's past choices, we were able to classify the unknown song very easily right. Let'S say now: paul listens to a new song: let's label it as song b, so song b lies somewhere here with medium tempo and medium intensity, neither relaxed nor fast, neither light nor soaring. Yes and that's where machine learning comes in, let's see how, in the same example, for song b, if we draw a circle around the song b, we see that there are four votes for like, whereas one would for dislike. That'S all this was a basic machine learning algorithm. So this is just a small example in one of the many machine learning algorithms. That'S when machine learning comes in it learns. There are many ways in which the machine learns. Let'S first quickly understand supervised learning. When you feed this data to the machine learning model, it learns which feature is associated with which label, for example, it will learn that if a coin is of 3 grams, it will be a 1 rupee coin. Let'S give a new coin to the machine on the basis of the weight of the new coin, your model will predict the currency, hence supervised learning uses labeled data to train the model. On this note, let's move to unsupervised, learning and see the difference. The machine identifies the pattern of player performance, so it plots this data with the respective wickets on the x-axis while runs on the y-axis. Hence the learning with unlabeled data is unsupervised learning, so we saw supervised learning where the data was labeled and the unsupervised learning where the data was unlabeled, and then there is reinforcement. The system identifies it as a cat, so you give a negative feedback to the machine, saying that it's a dog's image, the machine will learn from the feedback and finally, if it comes across any other image of a dog, it will be able to classify it correctly. That is, reinforcement, learning to generalize machine learning model. Let'S see a flowchart input is given to a machine learning model which then gives the output according to the algorithm applied. We provide feedback to the training model and ask it to predict until it learns, i hope, you've understood, supervised and unsupervised learning. You have to determine whether the given scenarios uses supervised or unsupervised learning simple right scenario. Moving on, don't you sometimes wonder how is machine learning possible in today's era? So there are a lot of applications of machine learning out there to name a few machine learning is used in healthcare where diagnostics are predicted for doctor's review. The sentiment analysis that the tech giants are doing on social media is another interesting application of machine learning. Well, that's an interesting machine learning model which is used by global taxi, giant uber and others where they have differential pricing in real time, based on demand, the number of cars available, bad weather rush, r, etc. Okay, i'll remind you thanks, no problem comment below some interesting everyday examples around you where machines are learning and doing amazing jobs. So that's all for machine learning, basics.