 So let's kick things off and take a look at AI, so AI is really to do with the ability of computers and machines to perform tasks without explicitly programming them, otherwise known as the ability for computers and machines to think by themselves. A on general AI typically refers to the ability for a computer or a machine to be able to handle a wide variety of tasks. The ability for AI and machines to be able to do a broad range of tasks similar to humans is what we typically refer to as general AI. Narrow AI, on the other hand, is the ability for a machine to handle a really simple or a really narrow range of tasks. So I'm going to be painting a bunch of visual imagery to help you remember some of these topics, so the first one in terms of breaking out general and narrow, AI or the ability to remember general and our AI is just picture. A really narrow or really skinny journal in your mind, so that way you know that there's two different types of AI general and narrow now on to the next topic: machine learning. So, if taking a look at AI as being broken up into journal and narrow, but how does machine learning fit into this well machine learning is the application of narrow AI to specific tasks. Now, when we typically talk about machine learning, we often compare it to traditional programming, so in traditional programming we supply data plus rules or conditional logic, and we get answers now in machine learning. We can then pass new data to get new answers, so this is a bit of a change in the paradigm of how computer scientists and machine learning engineers are building programs these days. So what are some typical machine learning tasks? Well, we broadly break out machine learning into three key categories: these are supervised, learning, unsupervised, learning and semi-supervised learning. First, so supervised learning can be broadly broken out into two key categories. You could take that data and pass it through to a classification algorithm to help but learn which types of pizzas you like. Learning well, there's two key things to think about when you think of unsupervised learning these are really clustering, so the ability to group people together so say you wanted to group together, high performing and low, performing and medium performing employees or high-value, low value, medium value, customers Or a whole bunch of other different types of data, but really it's all to do with grouping things together now, dimensionality reduction, on the other hand, is all to do with condensing the features that you've got within a machine learning model. So a lot of the time you might start out with a huge data set with a lot of columns and you're, not really sure which of those columns are important for your machine learning model. Dimensionality reduction helps you reduce the number of columns that you've got so that you can really focus on the important ones now in order to remember supervised, learning and unsupervised learning. I'D suggest you remember this initialism Christopher Robin quarter duck so that way you remember classification, regression, clustering and dimensionality reduction, so that takes care of supervised and unsupervised learning. Reinforcement learning has four key things: these are an agent and action and environment and of reward. We train reinforcement, learning models to act in a correct way in a given environment in order to learn appropriate actions, given that specific environment now the best way to remember reinforcement, learning techniques is to remember area 51. Okay, so that takes care of machine learning. So deep learning is a subset of machine learning and really it's to do with performing machine learning tasks using deep neural networks. Now, the best way to remember deep learning is to remember that deep learning is just like an onion. The best way to remember the key components of data science are to look at the crisp DM framework, so the crisp DM framework stands for the cross industry, standard process for data mining and basically it's a framework to help you along your way, to producing really good Data science projects now there's six key steps in the data science process. So, whether or not you've got missing values, visualizing that data and taking a look at some summary statistics, we've then got data preparation, so this is all to do with getting our data ready for modeling. This is all to do with training your machine learning algorithms to perform well on a specific task. That way you remember business, understanding, data, understanding, data, preparation, modeling evaluation and deployment. Now the most important library in terms of machine learning is probably scikit-learn. So scikit-learn is been around for quite some time and gives you a whole bunch of really powerful algorithms and utilities to help use them to train your machine learning models. Now deep learning is becoming increasingly popular and there's a large number of libraries that can help you perform deep learning, some of which, which are notable, are tensorflow, keris, pi, torch and piano just to name a few, and that about wraps up AI versus MO versus do Versus DES thanks so much for tuning in guys, hopefully you found this video useful if you did be sure to give it a thumbs up and hit subscribe until next time: peace, [, Music, ],