 That'S when you hear about cloud computing, but before investing money into it, you decide to draw up the differences between on-premise and cloud-based computing to make a better decision. Cloud computing, on the other hand, allows you to pay only for how much you use with much easier and faster provisions for scaling up or down. On the other hand, cloud computing solutions are offered by cloud service providers who manage and maintain the servers, saving you both money and space. On-Premise systems offer less data security thanks to a complicated combination of physical and traditional i.t security measures, whereas cloud computing systems offer much better security and lets you avoid having to constantly monitor and manage security protocols in the event that a data loss does occur, the chance For data recovery with on-premise setups are very small. In contrast, cloud computing systems have robust disaster recovery measures in place to ensure faster and easier data recovery. On-Premises systems also require additional teams for hardware and software maintenance loading up the costs by a considerable degree cloud computing systems, on the other hand, are maintained by the cloud service providers, reducing your costs and resource allocation substantially. So now thinking that cloud computing is a better option. You decide to take a closer look at what exactly cloud computing is cloud computing refers to the delivery of on-demand computing services over the internet on a pay-as-you-go basis, in simpler words, rather than managing files and services. Cloud computing has two types of models, deployment model and service model. There are three types of deployment models: public, private and hybrid cloud. These are owned by cloud service providers. There are three major service models available: es pass and sas compared to on-premise models where you'll need to manage and maintain every component, including applications, data, virtualization and middleware cloud computing service models are hassle-free is refers to infrastructure as a service. It is a cloud service model where users get access to basic computing infrastructure. You only have to manage the data runtime middleware applications and the os, while the rest is handled by the cloud providers. Next, we have pass pass or platform as a service, provides cloud platforms and runtime environments for developing testing and managing applications. This service model enables users to deploy applications without the need to acquire, manage and maintain the related architecture. The rest of the components like runtime middleware, operating systems, servers, storage and others are handled by the cloud service providers and finally, we have sas sas or software as a service involves cloud services for hosting and managing your software applications. If you'd rather not worry about the hassles of owning any it equipment, the sas model would be the one to go with with sas the cloud service provider handles all components of the solution required by the organization time for a quiz now in which of the following Deployment models are you as the business responsible for the application data and operating system? Let us know your answer in the comments section below for a chance to win an amazon voucher coming back to cloud computing. Some of the most popular cloud computing services in the market are aws or amazon web services, microsoft, azure and google cloud platform want to learn more about them and how they differ from each other.